OBJECTIVE:  temperature 98.2 degrees, pulse 78, respirations 18, and blood pressure 110/70.  intermittent catheterization volumes are in the 200 to 300 ml range, and he has had some incontinence on occasion.  he has also had some soft-formed bowel movements on occasion as well.  head and neck examination was unremarkable.  heart and lung examinations were within normal limits.  the abdomen was soft, nontender, with active bowel sounds.  an intrathecal baclofen pump was noted in the right lower quadrant of the abdomen.  there was no lower extremity edema.  the patient did not wear any support hose.  along the medial aspect of the thigh, was a 3.5 x 1.5 area of granulation tissue at the former area of a burn.  no induration was noted.  slight serous drainage was noted.assessment and plan:1.  right gluteal pain:  continues.  we will discontinue the capzasin since this is not helping.  we will begin a trial using 5% lidoderm patches to the gluteal area with the patch placed 12 hours on and 12 hours off.  we will also work to try to get the patient to see dr. doe to address the location of the catheter as this might be contributing to the pain he is experiencing.  apparently, he has had this pain since the new catheter was placed.2.  right medial thigh burn:  good granulation tissue formation.  continue the adaptic dressing as written.  the other burn area has now scabbed over with no evidence of erythema, increased warmth or swelling.3.  neurogenic bladder management:  the patient continues to have fair bladder volumes and episodes of incontinence.  we will send a urine specimen for urinalysis, culture and sensitivity.  we will make sure there is no urinary tract infection before further workup is considered.  we will increase the ditropan xl to 10 mg daily to see if this would not help increase bladder volume and decrease episodes of incontinence.4.  pain:  continues in the perirectal area.  continue present management in addition to having the patient seen and evaluated by dr. doe. 

SUBJECTIVE:  the patient continues to complain of right gluteal pain.  the father also expressed concern that the pain has not gotten better over the last five months.  he is hoping that since his son is an inpatient, that the pain problems can be taken care of as an inpatient.  he was reminded that the rehabilitation stay is for rehabilitation with hopes that pain relief can be addressed as well.  the patient denies any chest pain or shortness of breath.  he states the capzasin did not help with his gluteal pain.  he is wondering if there is something else that can be tried.objective:  temperature 98.2 degrees, pulse 78, respirations 18, and blood pressure 110/70.  intermittent catheterization volumes are in the 200 to 300 ml range, and he has had some incontinence on occasion.  he has also had some soft-formed bowel movements on occasion as well.  head and neck examination was unremarkable.  heart and lung examinations were within normal limits.  the abdomen was soft, nontender, with active bowel sounds.  an intrathecal baclofen pump was noted in the right lower quadrant of the abdomen.  there was no lower extremity edema.  the patient did not wear any support hose.  along the medial aspect of the thigh, was a 3.5 x 1.5 area of granulation tissue at the former area of a burn.  no induration was noted.  slight serous drainage was noted.assessment and plan:1.  right gluteal pain:  continues.  we will discontinue the capzasin since this is not helping.  we will begin a trial using 5% lidoderm patches to the gluteal area with the patch placed 12 hours on and 12 hours off.  we will also work to try to get the patient to see dr. doe to address the location of the catheter as this might be contributing to the pain he is experiencing.  apparently, he has had this pain since the new catheter was placed.2.  right medial thigh burn:  good granulation tissue formation.  continue the adaptic dressing as written.  the other burn area has now scabbed over with no evidence of erythema, increased warmth or swelling.3.  neurogenic bladder management:  the patient continues to have fair bladder volumes and episodes of incontinence.  we will send a urine specimen for urinalysis, culture and sensitivity.  we will make sure there is no urinary tract infection before further workup is considered.  we will increase the ditropan xl to 10 mg daily to see if this would not help increase bladder volume and decrease episodes of incontinence.4.  pain:  continues in the perirectal area.  continue present management in addition to having the patient seen and evaluated by dr. doe. 

ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:1.  right gluteal pain:  continues.  we will discontinue the capzasin since this is not helping.  we will begin a trial using 5% lidoderm patches to the gluteal area with the patch placed 12 hours on and 12 hours off.  we will also work to try to get the patient to see dr. doe to address the location of the catheter as this might be contributing to the pain he is experiencing.  apparently, he has had this pain since the new catheter was placed.2.  right medial thigh burn:  good granulation tissue formation.  continue the adaptic dressing as written.  the other burn area has now scabbed over with no evidence of erythema, increased warmth or swelling.3.  neurogenic bladder management:  the patient continues to have fair bladder volumes and episodes of incontinence.  we will send a urine specimen for urinalysis, culture and sensitivity.  we will make sure there is no urinary tract infection before further workup is considered.  we will increase the ditropan xl to 10 mg daily to see if this would not help increase bladder volume and decrease episodes of incontinence.4.  pain:  continues in the perirectal area.  continue present management in addition to having the patient seen and evaluated by dr. doe. 

